docs/source/consultancy.rst, before:

Pricing
=======

PsychoPy is free and always will be, but you can choose to take advantage of other services, like hosting your experiment online on `pavlovia.org <https://pavlovia.org>`_, or hiring us to build your experiment for you!

Our packages
----------------
*Please note that if you are from a VAT paying country, you will need to add VAT to the prices below*

.. raw:: html

    <style>
        table {
            width: 100%;
            border-collapse: collapse;
            border: 1px solid black;
        }

        th, td {
            border: 1px solid black;
            padding: 8px;
            text-align: center;
            color: black;
        }

        th {
            background-color: #F68D92;
            color: white;
        }

        .header-row th {
            text-align: center;
            background-color: #F2545B;
            color: white;
        }

        .service-row td {
            font-weight: bold;
            text-align: center;
            background-color: #02A9EA;
            color: white;
        }

        .service-sub-row th {
            text-align: center;
            background-color: #72D6FE;
            font-weight: bold;
        }

        .cust_tooltip {
            position: relative;
            display: inline-block;
            cursor: pointer;
            opacity: 1;
        }

        .cust_tooltip .tooltiptext {
            visibility: hidden;
            width: 500px;
            background-color: #FCD9DB;
            color: black;
            text-align: center;
            border-radius: 6px;
            padding: 5px 0;
            position: absolute;
            z-index: 1;
            bottom: 125%;
            left: 50%;
            margin-left: -60px;
            opacity: 1;
            transition: opacity 0.3s;
        }

        .cust_tooltip:hover .tooltiptext {
            visibility: visible;
            opacity: 1;
        }

        .info-icon {
            margin-left: 5px;
            font-style: normal; /* To ensure consistent rendering */
        }
        
        .image-carousel {
        display: flex;
        justify-content: center;
        width: 700px; /* Adjust to fit your layout */
        margin: auto; /* Centers the carousel */
        overflow: hidden; /* Hides parts of the images that overflow the container */
        }

        .image-carousel img {
            width: 100%; /* Makes sure each image fills the carousel */
            display: none; /* Initially hides all images */
            transition: opacity 0.5s ease; /* Smooth transition for fading in/out */
        }

        .image-carousel img:first-child {
            display: block; /* Shows the first image by default */
        }
    </style>

    <table>
        <tr class="header-row">
            <th colspan="5">Packages</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th></th>
            <th>PsychoPy</th>
            <th>Pavlovia Licence</th>
            <th>Pavlovia Licence + Workshops</th>
            <th>Pavlovia Licence + Workshops + Clinic</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">
                   Price per 12 months
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>Free</td>
            <td>£1800</td>
            <td>£2000</td>
            <td>£5000</td>
        </tr>
        <!-- Features with tooltips and info icons -->
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">Community support via <a href="https://discourse.psychopy.org" target="_blank">our forum</a>

                </div>
            </td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">Unlimited accounts on pavlovia.org for your institute
                    <span class="info-icon">ℹ️</span>
                    <span class="tooltiptext">A pavlovia.org licence allows you to have an unlimited number of researchers</span>
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">Unlimited number of experiments hosted on Pavlovia.org.
                    <span class="info-icon">ℹ️</span>
                    <span class="tooltiptext">A pavlovia.org licence allows every researcher to host as many experiments as they like!</span>
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">3 x 1-hour virtual workshops
                    <span class="info-icon">ℹ️</span>
                    <span class="tooltiptext">Your Licence manager can schedule 3 x 1 hour virtual workshops, that will be hosted on Zoom. The workshops will introduce you to the basics of how to make an experiment in PsychoPy and how to launch your study on Pavlovia.org. </span>
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">Recording of workshops for departmental use
                    <span class="info-icon">ℹ️</span>
                    <span class="tooltiptext">A recording of the 3 x 1 hour workshops will be shared with your department to use as a teaching resource.</span>
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">40 weeks of 1-hour 'PsychoPy Clinic' sessions
                    <span class="info-icon">ℹ️</span>
                    <span class="tooltiptext">Clinic hours will be bookable with our team on a first come first served basis. We set aside hours agreed with your Licence Manager (e.g. every Wednesday 9 - 10am from dd/mm to dd/mm). Hourly usage per account user will be monitored and reported to the licence manager. We reserve the right to not guarantee a solution to all issues raised within clinic sessions (but we will always try our best to resolve most issues!).</span>
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        </table>
        <br>
        <br>
        <div style="text-align: center;">
        <a href="https://forms.clickup.com/4570406/f/4bf96-7612/VKR8FZTODF28ICX863" style="background-color: #F2545B; color: white; padding: 10px 20px; text-decoration: none; display: inline-block; border-radius: 5px;">Book a free one hour demo</a>
        </div>
        <br>
        <div style="text-align: center;">
        <a href="https://forms.clickup.com/4570406/f/4bf96-7632/5QVSTYUIXN6Y9BY2OI " style="background-color: #F2545B; color: white; padding: 10px 20px; text-decoration: none; display: inline-block; border-radius: 5px;">Request a licence</a>
        </div>


Consultancy services
--------------------

.. raw:: html
   
    <div class="image-carousel" style="display: flex; justify-content: center;">
        <img src="_images/cons_carousel3.png" style="width: 700px; display: block;">
        <img src="_images/cons_carousel4.png" style="width: 700px; display: none;">
        <img src="_images/cons_carousel5.png" style="width: 700px; display: none;">
    </div>

   <script>
   var currentIndex = 0;
   var images = document.querySelectorAll('.image-carousel img');

   function cycleImages() {
       var totalImages = images.length;
       images[currentIndex].style.display = 'none';
       currentIndex = (currentIndex + 1) % totalImages;
       images[currentIndex].style.display = 'block';
   }

   setInterval(cycleImages, 3000); // Change image every 3 seconds
   </script>


We've helped many researchers to create and debug experiments, as well as delivered bespoke tutorials. 
If there's something you'd like us to do for you, just get in touch!

.. raw:: html

    <table>
    <!-- Consultancy services section -->
    <tr class="service-row">
        <td colspan="5">Consultancy services</td>
    </tr>
    <tr class="service-sub-row">
        <th> </th>
        <th colspan="2">Universities/charities</th>
        <th colspan="2">Commercial/businesses</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Support cost per hour</td>
        <td colspan="2">£70</td>
        <td colspan="2">£105</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Senior staff support cost per hour</td>
        <td colspan="2">£140</td>
        <td colspan="2">£210</td>
    </tr>
    </table>
    <br>
    <br>
    <div style="text-align: center;">
        <a href="https://forms.clickup.com/4570406/f/4bf96-7552/ZN8URSTDTWDENY6RP9" style="background-color: #02A9EA; color: white; padding: 10px 20px; text-decoration: none; display: inline-block; border-radius: 5px;">Click here to make a request for support!</a>
    </div>

Commit message:

DOCS: Added link to workshops page

docs/source/consultancy.rst, after:

Pricing
=======

PsychoPy is free and always will be, but you can choose to take advantage of other services, like hosting your experiment online on `pavlovia.org <https://pavlovia.org>`_, or hiring us to build your experiment for you!

Our packages
----------------
*Please note that if you are from a VAT paying country, you will need to add VAT to the prices below*

.. raw:: html

    <style>
        table {
            width: 100%;
            border-collapse: collapse;
            border: 1px solid black;
        }

        th, td {
            border: 1px solid black;
            padding: 8px;
            text-align: center;
            color: black;
        }

        th {
            background-color: #F68D92;
            color: white;
        }

        .header-row th {
            text-align: center;
            background-color: #F2545B;
            color: white;
        }

        .service-row td {
            font-weight: bold;
            text-align: center;
            background-color: #02A9EA;
            color: white;
        }

        .service-sub-row th {
            text-align: center;
            background-color: #72D6FE;
            font-weight: bold;
        }

        .cust_tooltip {
            position: relative;
            display: inline-block;
            cursor: pointer;
            opacity: 1;
        }

        .cust_tooltip .tooltiptext {
            visibility: hidden;
            width: 500px;
            background-color: #FCD9DB;
            color: black;
            text-align: center;
            border-radius: 6px;
            padding: 5px 0;
            position: absolute;
            z-index: 1;
            bottom: 125%;
            left: 50%;
            margin-left: -60px;
            opacity: 1;
            transition: opacity 0.3s;
        }

        .cust_tooltip:hover .tooltiptext {
            visibility: visible;
            opacity: 1;
        }

        .info-icon {
            margin-left: 5px;
            font-style: normal; /* To ensure consistent rendering */
        }
        
        .image-carousel {
        display: flex;
        justify-content: center;
        width: 700px; /* Adjust to fit your layout */
        margin: auto; /* Centers the carousel */
        overflow: hidden; /* Hides parts of the images that overflow the container */
        }

        .image-carousel img {
            width: 100%; /* Makes sure each image fills the carousel */
            display: none; /* Initially hides all images */
            transition: opacity 0.5s ease; /* Smooth transition for fading in/out */
        }

        .image-carousel img:first-child {
            display: block; /* Shows the first image by default */
        }
    </style>

    <table>
        <tr class="header-row">
            <th colspan="5">Packages</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th></th>
            <th>PsychoPy</th>
            <th>Pavlovia Licence</th>
            <th>Pavlovia Licence + Workshops</th>
            <th>Pavlovia Licence + Workshops + Clinic</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">
                   Price per 12 months
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>Free</td>
            <td>£1800</td>
            <td>£2000</td>
            <td>£5000</td>
        </tr>
        <!-- Features with tooltips and info icons -->
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">Community support via <a href="https://discourse.psychopy.org" target="_blank">our forum</a>

                </div>
            </td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">Unlimited accounts on pavlovia.org for your institute
                    <span class="info-icon">ℹ️</span>
                    <span class="tooltiptext">A pavlovia.org licence allows you to have an unlimited number of researchers</span>
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">Unlimited number of experiments hosted on Pavlovia.org.
                    <span class="info-icon">ℹ️</span>
                    <span class="tooltiptext">A pavlovia.org licence allows every researcher to host as many experiments as they like!</span>
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">3 x 1-hour virtual workshops
                    <span class="info-icon">ℹ️</span>
                    <span class="tooltiptext">Your Licence manager can schedule 3 x 1 hour virtual workshops, that will be hosted on Zoom. The workshops will introduce you to the basics of how to make an experiment in PsychoPy and how to launch your study on Pavlovia.org. </span>
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">Recording of workshops for departmental use
                    <span class="info-icon">ℹ️</span>
                    <span class="tooltiptext">A recording of the 3 x 1 hour workshops will be shared with your department to use as a teaching resource.</span>
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>✓</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                <div class="cust_tooltip">40 weeks of 1-hour 'PsychoPy Clinic' sessions
                    <span class="info-icon">ℹ️</span>
                    <span class="tooltiptext">Clinic hours will be bookable with our team on a first come first served basis. We set aside hours agreed with your Licence Manager (e.g. every Wednesday 9 - 10am from dd/mm to dd/mm). Hourly usage per account user will be monitored and reported to the licence manager. We reserve the right to not guarantee a solution to all issues raised within clinic sessions (but we will always try our best to resolve most issues!).</span>
                </div>
            </td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>—</td>
            <td>✓</td>
        </tr>
        </table>
        <br>
        <br>
        <div style="text-align: center;">
        <a href="https://forms.clickup.com/4570406/f/4bf96-7612/VKR8FZTODF28ICX863" style="background-color: #F2545B; color: white; padding: 10px 20px; text-decoration: none; display: inline-block; border-radius: 5px;">Book a free one hour demo</a>
        </div>
        <br>
        <div style="text-align: center;">
        <a href="https://forms.clickup.com/4570406/f/4bf96-7632/5QVSTYUIXN6Y9BY2OI " style="background-color: #F2545B; color: white; padding: 10px 20px; text-decoration: none; display: inline-block; border-radius: 5px;">Request a licence</a>
        </div>


Consultancy services
--------------------

.. raw:: html
   
    <div class="image-carousel" style="display: flex; justify-content: center;">
        <img src="_images/cons_carousel3.png" style="width: 700px; display: block;">
        <img src="_images/cons_carousel4.png" style="width: 700px; display: none;">
        <img src="_images/cons_carousel5.png" style="width: 700px; display: none;">
    </div>

   <script>
   var currentIndex = 0;
   var images = document.querySelectorAll('.image-carousel img');

   function cycleImages() {
       var totalImages = images.length;
       images[currentIndex].style.display = 'none';
       currentIndex = (currentIndex + 1) % totalImages;
       images[currentIndex].style.display = 'block';
   }

   setInterval(cycleImages, 3000); // Change image every 3 seconds
   </script>


We've helped many researchers to create and debug experiments, as well as delivered bespoke tutorials and even bespoke workshops (take a look at our `Workshops page <https://workshops.psychopy.org>`_ for more information on those!)
If there's something you'd like us to do for you, just get in touch!

.. raw:: html

    <table>
    <!-- Consultancy services section -->
    <tr class="service-row">
        <td colspan="5">Consultancy services</td>
    </tr>
    <tr class="service-sub-row">
        <th> </th>
        <th colspan="2">Universities/charities</th>
        <th colspan="2">Commercial/businesses</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Support cost per hour</td>
        <td colspan="2">£70</td>
        <td colspan="2">£105</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Senior staff support cost per hour</td>
        <td colspan="2">£140</td>
        <td colspan="2">£210</td>
    </tr>
    </table>
    <br>
    <br>
    <div style="text-align: center;">
        <a href="https://forms.clickup.com/4570406/f/4bf96-7552/ZN8URSTDTWDENY6RP9" style="background-color: #02A9EA; color: white; padding: 10px 20px; text-decoration: none; display: inline-block; border-radius: 5px;">Click here to make a request for support!</a>
    </div>
