docs/source/documentation.rst, before:

.. _documentation:

.. only:: html
    
    Documentation
    =====================================

     A pdf copy of the current documentation is available at:
         https://www.psychopy.org/PsychoPyManual.pdf

     Contents:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    about/index
    general/index
    download
    gettingStarted
    Builder - building experiments in a GUI <builder/index>
    Coder - writing experiments with scripts <coder/index>
    Online - running experiments on the web <online/index>
    Hardware - interacting with external hardware <hardware/index>
    api/index

.. only:: html
    
    `Plugins <https://plugins.psychopy.org/>`_


.. only:: html
    
    Further information:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    timing/index
    troubleshooting
    alerts/index
    recipes/index
    faqs/index
    resources/index

.. only:: html
    For developers:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    developers/index
    psyexp

.. only:: html
    Indices
    -----------

 * :ref:`glossary`
 * :ref:`genindex`

Commit message:

DOCS add more info on plugins line

docs/source/documentation.rst, after:

.. _documentation:

.. only:: html
    
    Documentation
    =====================================

     A pdf copy of the current documentation is available at:
         https://www.psychopy.org/PsychoPyManual.pdf

     Contents:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    about/index
    general/index
    download
    gettingStarted
    Builder - building experiments in a GUI <builder/index>
    Coder - writing experiments with scripts <coder/index>
    Online - running experiments on the web <online/index>
    Hardware - interacting with external hardware <hardware/index>
    api/index

.. only:: html
    
    PsychoPy now supports `Plugins <https://plugins.psychopy.org/>`_ , making the application even more flexible and extendable! Check out the range of additional features supported via our `plugins pages <https://plugins.psychopy.org/>`_ . 


.. only:: html
    
    Further information:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    timing/index
    troubleshooting
    alerts/index
    recipes/index
    faqs/index
    resources/index

.. only:: html
    For developers:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    developers/index
    psyexp

.. only:: html
    Indices
    -----------

 * :ref:`glossary`
 * :ref:`genindex`
